Our solution is a website that creates value for the business measured in financial returns per product/service portfolio, create efficiency in the human resource function, create customer relationship management database to serve as a sales tool. The website is able to do this  by providing customers with all the necessary information like the company’s management contact information which creates direct communication between customers and top management, making it easy for top managers to get direct feedback and take immediate action, the website also displays the amount of products available, where they are available and their prices. The website also keeps record of all customers, making every customer’s future experience personal according to their history on the website. Through the website the world is also exposed to open positions within the firm so people can apply for positions through the website.  This repository contains psceudocodes and flowcharts of how the website will operate and carry out it's tasks.
The project contains five modules in total name, the MAIN MENU LOGIN module, MAIN MENU, USERNAME AND PROFILE, MORE, and the PRODUCT DESCRIPTION AND STOCK module. The modules all have different functions that we are confident will satify whatever is required as an output. The MAIN MENU LOGIN module will help customer login or signup for the website wich will personalise their experience as well as protect their privacy, it has two functions login() and signup(). The MAIN MENU module provides the customer with key information about the company such as contact informaion and the company's vision. It has three fucntions, get_in_touch() for comucation between customer and stuff, member_chat() for communication between wesite members, or customer to other customers and cart() for customer shopping history. The USERNAME AND PROFILE module allows customers modify their website profile and get to see their full history on the website. The aMORE module reviels more fuctions within the website that help the customer make orders, see product prices and any specials that the company might be having. It also helps members of the website see and apply for open positions within the company. The PRODUCT DESCRIPTION AND STOCK MODULE helps caluculate availabe stock.
